[MUSIC]
My name is Akash, and
I work as a Security Engineer at Google.
As a cybersecurity engineer, you would end
up using Python for most of your career.
It's very important that you learn Python.
When you are moving into cybersecurity,
you would be dealing with millions
of data points and things like that,
which is going to be very hard for
you to go through manually.
So, that's when Python comes in to
automate and write scripts and
small programs that will be able to
do the same thing in a split second.
Learning Python is super fun. When you
see like ten lines of code doing things
like parsing through megabytes of data
within seconds, it can be very fulfilling.
There's a lot of resources for Python,
and a lot of open-source communities, and
the people are very helpful.
Stay curious and
take up small problems and
then get your hands
dirty with doing it and
don't be afraid of looking up syntax and
learn online resources.
My job as a security engineer at
Google Chrome is to protect our customers
from foreign governments and
very persistent threats across the world.
The threats are unlimited,
there's no limit to it, and
that's what makes
cybersecurity very exciting.
So, stick with it, it's an essential
skill that will take some time
initially to develop but
will serve you throughout the career.